gaza's University students are saying
thank you to students protesters in the
US and across the world today we stand
as the students of Gaza universities who
have lost an academic year in our life
in addition we lost our families friends
and
homes people here say they feel
connected to the hundreds of student
protests held in their name thousands of
miles away we want our voice to be heard
in all of the world our voice will be
heard by the help of our the students
our friends and our brothers and sisters
in universities in the world students
are the next leaders of the world
medical workers and displaced
Palestinians join the vigil outside Al
OA
hospital we are appreciating your helps
for the medical staff uh and we're
appreciating everything you are
supporting you are giving and supporting
for us in Palestine Gaza especially in
Gaza Strip may God help you and bless
you thank you very much uh all the love
from the Palestinian people for you
people held signs acknowledging
individual universities including
Colombia where the global student
protest movement
started today Palestinians in the kazos
strip are honoring and thanking every
student that has been protesting around
the world ra teasing and fighting for
the Palestinians and calling for
ceasefire they're asking that students
continue to demand an end to the
genocide in Gaza and hope that it is
young people who can succeed in bringing
peace something that politicians and
diplomats have so far failed to do hind
AL jaaz Central Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the lat news from Al
jazer